original_conversation
This position demands a higher writing ability, so please say something about your writing ability .
Of course . I've loved writing since I was a very little boy . I won the first prize in a national composition contest when I was in middle school . After attending Nanjing University, I never give up writing . My works, such as Father's Tobacco Pipe, Open Air Cinema, The old City were respectively published China Youth Daily, Yangzi Evening News, and New Beijing . During the period of studying for my degrees of master and doctor, I paid more attention to developing my research ability and published several papers . The Impact of Internet in Chinese Political Participation, The Discipline of Remold, The Historical Direction of Chinese Administration Reform, Bribery Cases of Self governance in Chinese Villages are respectively published in Chinese Publish Administration, Beijing Due Xuebao, Theory and Society and Chinese Reform . I joined in Yangzi Evening News to work as a part-time journalist in 2006 . During this period, I've written a lot of comments, which improved my writing ability to a new level, I have full confidence in my writing ability, and I believe I can do the job well.
modified_conversation
This position demands a higher writing ability, so please say something about your writing ability .
Of course . I've loved writing since I was a very little boy . I won the first prize in a national composition contest when I was in middle school . After attending Nanjing University, I never give up writing . My works, such as Father's Tobacco Pipe, Open Air Cinema, The old City were respectively published China Youth Daily, Yangzi Evening News, and New Beijing . During the period of studying for my degrees of master and doctor, I paid more attention to developing my research ability and published several papers . The Impact of Internet in Chinese Political Participation, The Discipline of Remold, The Historical Direction of Chinese Administration Reform, Bribery Cases of Self governance in Chinese Villages are respectively published in Chinese Publish Administration, Beijing Due Xuebao, Theory and Society and Chinese Reform . I joined in Yangzi Evening News to work as a part-time journalist in in 2006 . During this period, I've written a lot of comments, which improved my writing ability to a new level, I have full confidence in my writing ability, and I believe I can do the job well.
